New CMS documentation - More improvements & fixes (#2369)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/user-docs/features/draft-and-publish.md

## Usage

With Draft & Publish enabled, the [Content Manager's edit view](/user-docs/features/content-manager#overview) indicates the current status of your content type's entry at the top of the interface. Your content can have 3 statuses:

- <span style={{color:"#5cb176"}}>Published</span>: The content was previously published. There are no pending draft changes saved.
- <span style={{color:"#ac73e6"}}>Modified</span>: The content was previously published. You made some changes to the draft version and saved these changes, but the changes have not been published yet.
- <span style={{color:"#7b79ff"}}>Draft</span>: The content has never been published yet.

### Working with drafts

> **Path:** ![Content icon](/img/assets/icons/v5/Feather.svg) Content Manager, edit view of your content type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Path:** <Icon name="feather" /> Content Manager, edit view of your content type
```

/>

:::tip
To schedule publication (i.e. convert a draft to a published entry at a given date and time) you can include it in a release and schedule the publication of that release. Please refer to the [Releases feature](/user-docs/features/releases) documentation for more information.
:::

### Unpublishing content

> **Path:** ![Content icon](/img/assets/icons/v5/Feather.svg) Content Manager, edit view of your content type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Path:** <Icon name="feather" /> Content Manager, edit view of your content type
```

### Bulk actions

> **Path:** ![Content icon](/img/assets/icons/v5/Feather.svg) Content Manager, list view of your content type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Path:** <Icon name="feather" /> Content Manager, list view of your content type
```
